This pie chart maps out the types of dispositions. I was curious to see the likelyhood of dispositions for claims for the year. It seems that the TSA was far more likely to reject and deny claims, and they were more likely to fully approve a claim than settle. I found this very interesting, as I imagine settling is more beneficial to than fully approving a claim for the TSA. Denied claims were also far more common than I had thought they would be. Personally, if I were to make a claim, it would be for something I considered important, otherwise, I may honestly not think to check for that lost item. This could be part of the reason why the discrepancy between date of incident and receival date (shown in a graph below) is so high, which in turn can explain why denials are so common. I would not assume the TSA is more likely to deny a claim for their financial reasons, as full approval is more common than settling. While the data lists all claims received in 2014, the total number of claims heavily tapers off in December. This could either be a result of the holiday season, or some fault in data collection, whether that be by data collectors, or by the people responsible for processing the claims. People filing claims may find this graph useful. 

This pie chart displays the percentages of claim types that occured for checked baggaged, not including personal injuries or motor vechicle incidents. From this we can figure that pretty much all claims filed with the TSA in the checked baggage area are luggage related... The integrity of this data should be pretty valid. Luggage related issues concerning checked baggage, nothing out of the ordinary there. This graph would not be terribly interesting or useful to anyone. I regret making this one as the results are pretty obvious. I am sitll including it as I took the time to make it. 

This line graph is the total number of claims per month for a specific airport. The airport for which the information is displayed is dictated by user input. Please input a valid US airport code such as JFK or LAX. You can see the trends for total claims received per month in an aiport of your choosing, but most of them tend to follow the same basic trend, in starting off high and tapering off to near nothing by the end of the year. This could be a result of the holiday season, meaning more people leaving on vacation at the end of the year, and coming back at the beginning of the next year, or claims not being processed throughout the holidays as a result of workers on vacation. This could also potentially be a result of a lack of integrity in the data. The claims taper down really heavily, which seems suspicious. People with multiple airports around them may find this data useful, as they can check which airport has the least amount of claims to book a flight out of or into. 

This is the chart I mentioned in the blurb for the first pie chart. This line graph displays the average processing time for a claim. For my purposes, processing time would include the time it took for a person to report an incident. As displayed by the graph, this can take a while. Incident dates go as far back as 2011, whether that be the fault of the person reporting it, or the claim just took a while for a decision to be made. Average processing dates again took far longer in the beginning of the year, but this time around it has a sudden dip at the end of the year rather than a slower taper. This data could be heavily skewed by the cases where the incident occured in 2011. This could explain the peak in February, or why average number of days starts going back in up in the fall. Perhaps this is not the best representation of the graph, and the inverse of average number of days an incident took to be resolved is a better metric. The issue with that however is that we would be plotting data for a period of over three years. This graph is perhaps useful for those with an active claim, wondering what month their claim would more likely be processed in. 

This line graph has two data sets, average number of claims per month for all airports in the US, and average number of claims per month for all airlines in the US. The premise behind calculating this data was to see which decision was generally more useful to make, which airline to select or which airport to go to. That was the premise anyway. Because there are more airports than airlines, and a fixed number of claims, the results for airlines would of course be higher than the results for airports. Perhaps if a scaling index was applied, this issue could be resolved. With a scaling index applied, this graph would tell users whether selecting an airport or an airline had a higher impact on claim resolution time. 













